Let's open that can of worms again about which conference is the best... We can all agree that the Big Ten and the SEC are by far the best two conferences in college football. But who is better? Ohio State is arguably the best team in the nation right now but is the Big Ten actually better than the SEC. Penn State sucks.

In order to try to make this as non-bias as I can, I will be using FPI (Football Power Index) to determine which conference is better. Here is a little comment on what exactly FPI is. Michigan sucks.

The Football Power Index (FPI) is a measure of team strength that is meant to be the best predictor of a team's performance going forward for the rest of the season. FPI represents how many points above or below average a team is. Projected results are based on 10,000 simulations of the rest of the season using FPI, results to date, and the remaining schedule. Ratings and projections update daily.

So if we assume that the FPI is non-bias to the SEC or Big Ten, then these numbers should be able to tell us which conference is better. In order to use this I will be using the average of a certain amount of teams from each conference because thankfully the Big Ten and the SEC both have 14 teams. For some reason the Big Ten never learned how to count so already the SEC is better. Penn State sucks.

And away we go. Just to make things a little simpler, I will list out all the SEC and Big Ten with their respective FPI.

1	Ohio State	    33.2	Big Ten
2	Alabama	        29.2	SEC
3	LSU	            25.8	SEC
4	Georgia	        24.6	SEC
5	Penn State	    23	    Big Ten
6	Michigan	    22	    Big Ten
7	Florida	        21.5	SEC
8	Auburn	        21.3	SEC
9	Wisconsin	    20.3	Big Ten
10	Texas A&M	    15.3	SEC
11	Iowa	        14.1	Big Ten
12	Minnesota	    14	    Big Ten
13	Mich. St.	    8.6	    Big Ten
14	Miss St	        8.5	    SEC
15	Tennessee	    8.4	    SEC
16	Missouri	    7.9	    SEC
17	S Carolina	    7.6	    SEC
18	Kentucky	    7.3	    SEC
19	Indiana	        7.3	    Big Ten
20	Ole Miss	    4.8	    SEC
21	Nebraska	    4.2	    Big Ten
22	Illinois	    1.5	    Big Ten
23	Purdue	        0	    Big Ten
24	Northwestern	-4.3	Big Ten
25	Maryland	    -6.2	Big Ten
26	Arkansas	    -7.4	SEC
27	Vanderbilt	    -8.1	SEC
28	Rutgers	        -16.4	Big Ten

If I am remembering correctly, Basil argued that the SEC was "top heavy", but if you look at the list above 7 of the 10 bottom teams are in the Big Ten... Michigan sucks.

But let's take a step further, let's look at the average FPI of the bottom 7 teams from each conference. You guessed it, the SEC is better than the Big Ten. The SEC's average is 2.9286 and the Big Ten is a big ole -1.9857... Penn State sucks.

Alright what about just the top 4. It's a close one but the SEC is still better, 25.275 vs 24.625. What about just top 3? Super close, but the SEC is still better, 26.5333 vs 26.0667. Michigan sucks.

The only times where the Big Ten is actually better than the SEC according to FPI is when looking at the top team or an average of the top 2 teams. The average of the top 2 teams is 28.1 vs 27.5 in favor of the Big Ten. Penn State sucks.

So what is your argument now Basil and Trevor? Are you going to start spewing that the FPI is biased because everything is biased? Or will you just admit that the Big Ten is good but just not as good as the SEC? tHe BiG tEn Is BeTtEr ThAn ThE sEc.

Pitter patter, onto the week 12 matchups.


GodwinWillIWinAgain vs Chef Byard-ee
Well another regular season is almost done and another good season for the commish and another season to forget for Jared. Sorry Jared, the team you have this year would have been great last year. It's funny how quickly things change in football. Who would have guessed at the start of the year that it would have been better to start Jacoby Brissett over Jared Goff? Sure enough, you made the right call though. In addition, Todd Gurley has been rather unimpressive this year. He still has glimpses of the dominate force that he was last year. Hopefully the Rams find their magic again and ride Gurley and Goff into a wildcard spot. Sony Michel wasn't able to do much against dem Boys but no one was able to do anything in that game. Marquise Brown has been a pleasant surprise this year and is benefitting from Lamar Jackson's ridiculous year. The good news is that if you are in the Sacko game again this year, the Patriots are playing Cincinatti so Michel and New England's defense should absolutely feast. But looking back, the commish has dominated this matchup, only losing to Jared once in 11 games. The commish has averaged 111.95 points to Jared's 81.16, which is strangely close to what happened in this matchup. Josh Allen is lighting it up in his 2nd year and Chris Godwin has been miraculously good. All 3 of your stud RBs got double digits in addition to your K/D both getting double digits. That usually means good things. Mike Evans was pretty disappointing but that ball can only go to 1 player and with the Bucs just airing it out, one of those guys should make up for the other like what happened here. 

TLDR, Majors wins agains as Jared has another disappointing year.


Bad JuJu vs Wisdom Justice Mod
This is what happens when you get try to get 2 nice guys to fight. Each one tries their hardest to be the nicer guy and let their opponent keep their very slim playoff hopes alive for one more week. Sam Darnold was better than Drew Brees... Let that one soak in. Tevin Coleman has announced himself as the RB to have in the SF backfield but he still isn't getting the amount of touches that you would want. Chaz really could have used Dalvin Cook and Keenan Allen this week. I can't blame him for starting James White because no one can ever predict the NE backfield but it hurts when one of your players has negative points. Michael Thomas continues to be the best WR in the league but that was not enough to stop his losing streak. He only has 3 games where he did not reach 10 points and his worst game is 8.9 points. On the other side, Sawyer benefitted from no Cook or Allen and rode some bery questionable starters to a nice win. Kudos to you for starting James Washington and Jonathan Williams. Hopefully for Sawyer, Robert Woods continues to get targets. The good news is that in 3 of the last 4 games, Woods has at least 80 yards receiving. Better luck next year with JuJu and James Conner. The Steelers have been downright awful without Big Benjamin. Sawyer now has his 4th win over Chaz in 9 matchups averaging 82.35 points to Chaz's 87.46.

TLDR, Sawyer squeaks out a win playing a team with 2 of their best players on bye.


James White Claw vs Koo Koo Ca Choo
So much for Trevor winning the league in back to back years. It must be that the Big Ten is so good that Saquon doesn't have anything left to give after a season and a half. Nah, that can't be it. That ankle must really be bothering him though. Oh well, you still have him for another 2 years and will have Lamar Jackson as a keeper too. There are better seasons ahead for you Mr. Trevvy Trev. Scary Terry has cooled off since his hot start but he still got 12 targets from Dwayne. Sam has now beaten Trevor 4 times out of the 11 matchups and Sam is absolutely loaded down the stretch. Especially if OBJ has finally found his rhythm with The Great Cleveland Bake Off. Davante Adams appears to be fully healthy now. Sam gets back Melvin Gordon and Tyreek Hill this week which means he will have some hard decisions about who to start. The kind of hard decisions that Basil would love to have. In addition to that Sam grabbed the Philly D because the rest of their schedule is against cupcakes, other than Dallas in week 16. Seriously, they face Miami, the G women, then the cultured Redskins. But as we all know by now, in order to win you need a lot of luck. Just ask Majors how many Championships he has even though he has been one of the best teams every year.

TLDR, Sam cruises to another win and is loaded going into the playoffs.


IDGAF it's ski time vs HeftyLeftie$$$$
Going into Monday night, this game looked completely over but Mark Ingram made sure that Basil didn't rest too easily. Basil took his 6th win over Willis in the 10 times that they have met. This ended up being the 7th closest game ever, including the fucking tie. This was their closest game since week 14 of 2017 where Basil won by less than a point, 88.14 to 87.36. This result pretty much solidified that Willis will not be getting a bye week in the playoffs. For Basil though, it has no impact on his season. His team is about as good as Rutgers. He only had 3 players score in double digits but his K/D outscored Willis' 16 to 9 and Matt Ryan was terrible against a really terrible Bucs secondary. Basil has Patrick Mahomes coming back after his bye and that should be enough to ensure that he is not in the sacko game but crazier things have happened. This had to be a frustrating week for Willis. His fierce falcons were anything but fierce. Sure their defense capitalized on some of the crab legs mistakes but Matt Ryan and Julio could not get anything going. Nick Chubb is continuing to get 20 carries a game even though Kareem "not the dream" Hunt is back. It looks like Hunt is just a change of pace back for Chubb. The good news for Willis is that his team is starting to cool off right in time for ski season so that he won't have to watch his team get beaten up in the playoffs.

TLDR, Basil wins a tight one but he still sucks.


C Kupps vs DJ Chark doodoodoodo
This game was so close to being a dumpster fire but Run CMC made sure it was not. Did you know that Run CMC is the youngest player to join the extremely coveted and prestigious Madden 99 club. He has definitely put his name in the MVP conversation but there's no way the MVP will go to anyone but a QB, probably Russell Wilson or Lamar Jackson. Either way, Ross is trying to ride that man all the way but he has consistently been butt fucked by his schedule. Thankfully for him, Ean is always happy to be his catcher. Ross has now beaten Ean 8 times out of 10. Hopefully, Aaron Rodger rememners that he is Aaron fucking Rodgers and will start putting up some monster numbers as well. Also I don't see Cooper not getting a single catch again, he should have better weeks and cruise into the playoffs. If he doesn't, then he will be the first team to average 100 points and not make the playoffs. Ean is actually having a decent season this year and should also make the playoffs if he can just beat Sawyer. Should be very achievable. He will be getting back Kyler, which is great because Derek Carr is not who I would want as my starting QB with the playoffs on the line. It appears that the Redskins are easing Guice back into action which should be good if he is good to go. All in all, Ean has a nice little team on his hands and I am rooting for you to beat Sawyer and make it to the playoffs. What a turn around from the Sacko game a year ago.

TLDR, Ross rides McCaffrey and Ean continues to be Ross' catcher.


I want it Dak way vs (‿ˠ‿) THICC (‿ˠ‿)
So I am having an early Thanksgiving with Amanda's dad and we are sitting there watching all the 1 o'clock games and I keep thinking, "Fuck ya, I am going to get my 10th win, have a 10 game win streak, and get a bye week in the playoffs." Then my Jaguars play. Should I even call it that? It was more like they were on their knees begging Derrick Henry to slap them in the face with his cock. FUCK! Jarvis Landry and Hopkins finally had HUGE days but the rest of my team decides to punt. I can't blame Dak because nobody could do anything in that weather. Who would've guessed that I should have started the other Jones on my team. Oh well, good win Hunter. Hunter has now beaten me 6 out of 13 times. Hunter just has to beat Ross next week and he will be in the playoffs and Ross will be out. He will need Derrick Henry to go off again and for Russell Wilson to start performing at his MVP level again to make that happen. Hunter's bench is a desolate wasteland though. He had 4 players with zero points. Who knows if Antonio Brown will ever play in the NFL again? I would not want that man on my team. Allen Robinson continues to be relevant on the Bears. I would love to see Allen Robinson play with a real QB, not Bortles or Mitchy T.

TLDR, Derrick Henry cock slapped Matt's NFL and fantasy team.


The Other EZM's Power Rankings
1) Majors
2) Sam
3) Matt
4) Willis
5) Ross
6) Ean
7) Trevor
8) Hunter
9) Chaz
10) Sawyer
11) Basil
12) Jared

5 Questions from Last Week
Well Majors decided to just make one big question out of the 5 questions. So here are my predictions to make the playoffs.
1) Majors
2) Myself
3) Sam
4) Willis
5) Ross
6) Ean

5 Questions from this Week
1) Is Majors going to continue his 5 game winning streak?
2) Is it going to dump snow on the Montana boys this week?
3) Will 2 SEC teams make the College Football Playoffs?
4) What happened to the Rams dominate offense from a year ago?
5) Who gets fired first, Jim Harbaugh or James Franklin?